Bah
Zhangye is a bad person
What are you?
Mom?
I've sacrificed so much for you
And that's how you repay me.
Are you embarrassed to say you are helping me?
Without our director to your master
You would have gone bankrupt long ago
I've checked it out
He has been giving our Lin's Group remarks
It's all Tiger Wing Group
Always support us silently
It's all Tiger Lord and Zhang Yi
Not you hypocritical villain you
OK
When you got divorced
You are sad and hesitant
Who is that?
I'm with you all the time.
accompany
You're just trying to take advantage of it
You marry me
Isn't it the property entrusted to my Lin family?
I've checked it out.
Your Li family has already gone bankrupt
That's it.
Li Dasheng, what else do you want to say?
Li Shao
You were scolded by a woman so much that you couldn't pay back?
Are you ashamed?
Hahaha you did so much for him
He didn't accept your love.
In addition
I'm here today.
To save you
Make a living for you
Doesn't that prove my feelings for you?
How dare you say it?
Are you begging for us by kneeling and licking?
You let them ravage us
Do you call this seeking a way out with me?
Look at your sad face
How can you compare with the real Zhang Ye of Tigu?
Iron bone
Then I'll let you meet today.
What is a true iron bone?
Let him go!